DEVDOCS-4953: [revise] audit and rewrite (#2038)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/customizing-checkout/open-source-checkout.mdx

# Installing an Open Source Checkout

> You can create unique shopping experiences that fit the look and feel of a store's brand using custom checkouts. This article will outline how to package a custom checkout file and install a custom checkout using the control panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create unique shopping experiences that fit the look and feel of a store's brand using custom checkouts. This article outlines how to package a custom checkout file and install a custom checkout using the control panel.
```

* Loading all the required assets, including all CSS files, no matter the location
* Running the app

## Developing a custom checkout

If you wish to customize a checkout, enter your CSS into the [optimized-checkout.scss](https://github.com/bigcommerce/cornerstone/blob/master/assets/scss/optimized-checkout.scss) in Cornerstone or the [scss folder](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-js/tree/master/packages/core/src/scss) in checkout.js. We suggest moving content from "optimized-checkout.scss to the scss folder or vice-versa to ensure a single source of truth for handling styles. NOTE: "optimized-checkout.scss" will always override the CSS rules defined in checkout-js.

### Packaging custom checkouts with Open Source Checkout

If using [Open Source Checkout](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-js), you can generate the loader file by following these steps:

1. Fork and clone [checkout-js](https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-js); then, install dependencies.

```bash showLineNumbers copy
# Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/bigcommerce/checkout-js

# Install dependencies
cd checkout-js
npm ci
```

> 2. Start webpack in watch mode and launch dev server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Start webpack in watch mode and launch the dev server.
```
